---
title: "Create new documentation"
description: "Create API documentation"
localization_priority: Normal
author: "davidmu1"
ms.prod: "microsoft-identity-platform"
doc_type: resourcePageType
---

# Create new documentation 

All of the steps in the following table are required if you are adding new workload APIs.

| Step | Owner |
| ---- | ----- |
| 1 – Set up environment | PM, Developer |
| 2 – Author content | PM, Developer |
| 3 – Add table of contents (TOC) entries | PM, Developer, Content Developer |
| 4 – Add change log entries | PM, Developer, Content Developer |
| 5 – Perform technical review | PM, Developer |
| 6 – Publish | Content Developer, Editor |

## Set up environment

1. **(Required)** Notify the Content Development team that the documentation process is beginning for workload APIs and when the documentation is expected to go live. This may be a work item created in the documentation queue, or it might be an email sent to a Content Developer assigned to support the workload.
2. **(Optional)** If you are new to creating documentation, make sure that you are set up to use Markdown and GitHub. For more information about using GitHub and writing in Markdown, see:
    - [Docs Markdown Reference](https://review.docs.microsoft.com/help/contribute/markdown-reference?branch=master)
    - [Download Visual Studio Code](https://code.visualstudio.com/)
3. **(Required)** Create a working branch in GitHub. Always add or update content through a pull request from a personal branch. Do not use the Upload files button on GitHub. If you are submitting a set of changes, be sure to make all your changes in a single branch and not multiple separate branches. This improves processing and publishing efficiency. For more information, see the [Setting up your fork of the repository](https://msgo.azurewebsites.net/add/document/guidelines/manage-your-documentation.html#setting-up-your-fork-of-the-repository) and the [Create a new branch](https://msgo.azurewebsites.net/add/document/guidelines/manage-your-documentation.html#create-a-new-branch) sections of [Working with GitHub](https://msgo.azurewebsites.net/add/document/guidelines/manage-your-documentation.html).

## Author content

1. **(Required)** Run the stub generator scripts. Microsoft Graph uses CSDL (and XML format) for defining its API surface. The stub generator scripts produce stub markdown files based on the definitions in the CSDL file. Do not change the file names that are generated by the tool. For more information, see [Use the Microsoft Graph REST API docs stub generator](https://msgo.azurewebsites.net/add/document/guidelines/stub-generator.html#scenario-and-usage).

    Each version of an API has its own reference page. For example, there is one message.md file for the message entity in v1.0, and another message.md file for beta. Usually, an API debuts in beta, so you would create a topic only for beta.
    
    After you run the stub generation, do not change the generated file name. Do not reorder sections in a generated topic. Do not customize generated table columns.

2. **(Required)** Add information to the stub files using the following guidance:
    - Add [metadata](https://msgo.azurewebsites.net/add/document/guidelines/metadata.html) to be able to identify the owner of the article, track usage, and facilitate search.
    - Add object, [property](https://msgo.azurewebsites.net/add/document/guidelines/default-properties.html), method, and [parameter](https://msgo.azurewebsites.net/add/document/guidelines/parameters.html) descriptions. The same descriptions can appear in many places. For example, the method descriptions appear in object Tasks table and in the API file itself. Same object can appear as a relationship in many places. The descriptions that we add should be consistent across these locations. Do not move the property, relationship, or tasks tables in resource topics and do not add new columns to the tables in resource or API topics.
    - For APIs, add the [permissions](https://docs.microsoft.com/graph/permissions-reference) in the table in the permissions section. Make sure that the permissions are also documented in the Permissions reference topic.
    - For APIs, verify/edit the HTTP request. add the HTTP header details (optional or required). If no HTTP headers are used, remove the section. Add any additional details regarding the HTTP request/response, as applicable.
    - Format the response payload (JSON) the way that you want. If you want to only show few properties, set the truncated flag in the comments (which is right above the response) to true.
    - Format the resource JSON representation the way that you want.
    - Verify that the HTTP response code is what is being returned in the API. Complex types are also shown as a resource. These files do not have a Methods section.
3. **(Required)** Copy the API and resource files that you created to the appropriate folders in the working branch that you created.
4. **(Required)** Create the pull request (PR). Set the label of the pull request to do not merge. When you receive the build verification mail, you’ll be able to preview your content by navigating to your personal branch on the review site: https://review.docs.microsoft.com/en-us/graph/overview?branch=master . (Change “master” to the name of your branch.)  For more information, see the [Add new content or edit existing content](https://msgo.azurewebsites.net/add/document/guidelines/manage-your-documentation.html#add-new-content-or-edit-existing-content) and the [Submit a pull request to the main repository](https://msgo.azurewebsites.net/add/document/guidelines/manage-your-documentation.html#submit-a-pull-request-to-the-main-repository) sections of [Working with GitHub](https://msgo.azurewebsites.net/add/document/guidelines/manage-your-documentation.html).

## Add table of contents entries

**(Required)** Open either the beta or v1.0 toc.yml file in the branch that you created and add table of contents (TOC) entries for the APIs that you are adding. The TOC helps developers locate conceptual and API pages. For more information, see [Microsoft Graph TOC and Topic Title Guidelines](https://msgo.azurewebsites.net/add/document/guidelines/toc-and-topic-title.html).  

Note that sometimes a method is relevant and exposed in more than one context in the TOC, to show the potential of Microsoft Graph. For example, a user-centric method like sendMail appears under the Users >> Mail node and under the Mail >> Message node.
Think where your documentation should appear in the TOC, and the TOC titles you want to use. Base this off the existing TOC to maintain consistency across all the content. For more information about how content is structured, see [Microsoft Graph IA principles](https://msgo.azurewebsites.net/add/document/guidelines/ia-principles.html).

## Add change log entries

**(Required)** Add change log entries for the APIs and resources that you are adding. For more information, see [Microsoft Graph changelog guidelines](https://msgo.azurewebsites.net/add/document/guidelines/changelog.html).

## Perform technical review

**(Required)** When requesting changes to the content, use the [GitHub review feature](https://help.github.com/en/articles/about-pull-request-reviews) and select **Request changes**. This indicates that the PR is not yet ready to merge. When your feedback has been addressed, change the review status on the PR to **Approved**. Only PRs with a status of **Approved** are merged even if the contributor has indicated that the PR is ready to merge.

The technical review generally creates several actions and changes. The PR review process can be time consuming; however, it is necessary to ensure technical accuracy, compliance, and completeness. If you are on the review chain, you will need to approve the PR before it can be published. When the content has been reviewed and revised to be technically accurate, set the label to **content review**.

## Publish

**(Required)** Before the API documentation can be published, a content review is performed by the Content Developer and the Editor who merges PRs. After the review process is complete, incorporate any feedback that was provided in the PR. When all feedback has been incorporated, reviewers have signed off, and the APIs have been released live, set the label to **ready to merge**, enter **sign-off** as a comment, and then the articles will be published. 

PRs that are ready to merge are merged before 3 PM. All API Doctor and OPS build validation tests must pass before merging. At or after 3 PM daily, all PRs that have been merged into the master branch are pulled into the live branch to publish to the site.

