---
title: "Add properties to a resource"
description: "Add properties to a resource"
localization_priority: Normal
author: "davidmu1"
ms.prod: "microsoft-identity-platform"
doc_type: resourcePageType
---

# Add properties to a resource

1. **(Optional)** Create initial pages using the stub generator scripts. Microsoft Graph uses CSDL (and XML format) for defining its API surface. The stub generator scripts produce stub markdown files based on the definitions in the CSDL file. Do not change the file names that are generated by the tool. For more information, see [Use the Microsoft Graph REST API docs stub generator](https://msgo.azurewebsites.net/add/document/guidelines/stub-generator.html#scenario-and-usage). 

    Each version of an API has its own reference page. For example, there is one message.md file for the message entity in v1.0, and another message.md file for beta. Usually, an API debuts in beta, so you would create a topic only for beta.

    After you run the stub generation, do not change the generated file name. Do not reorder sections in a generated topic. Do not customize generated table columns.

    Provide relevant details to the property descriptions. Note that if there is more to provide for the description than a table cell can reasonably contain for readability, or, the possible values for the property warrant further explanation, consider creating a separate section with an H3 heading following the properties table. For example, the group visibility options section is an H3 section under the H2 Properties section in the group topic.

2. **(Optional)** Manually update the **Properties** section by adding or updating a table row for each property, providing the type and relevant description. Again, similar to the generation approach, if there’s more content than a table cell can reasonably display, consider creating a separate section with an H3 heading following the properties table.
Update the JSON that is enclosed in the HTML comment. In particular, make sure the following attributes are specified correctly where applicable: @odata.type, baseType, keyProperty, openType, optionalProperties See details for [how to describe a resource in a JSON object](https://msgo.azurewebsites.net/add/document/guidelines/api-doctor-validate-examples.html#describe-a-resource-example-request-or-example-response-in-a-json-object). In the actual JSON definition, add/update the property name and type.
3. **(Optional)** Include properties in existing examples where applicable, for example, if a GET operation includes the properties in its response. If helpful to customers, or if the new properties are for a compelling scenario, create new examples to show usage of the new properties.
4. **(Optional)** If you are adding a navigation property, do the same steps as adding a property as listed above, except you should add the navigation property to the Relationships section, and not to the Properties section. In the **JSON representation** section, at the top of the section, add the navigation property to the list of optionalProperties. Note: API Doctor doesn’t currently rely on navigation properties being defined there.