---
title: "Author content"
description: "Author content"
localization_priority: Normal
author: "davidmu1"
ms.prod: "microsoft-identity-platform"
doc_type: resourcePageType
---

# Author content

1. **(Required)** Run the stub generator scripts. Microsoft Graph uses CSDL (and XML format) for defining its API surface. The stub generator scripts produce stub markdown files based on the definitions in the CSDL file. Do not change the file names that are generated by the tool. For more information, see [Use the Microsoft Graph REST API docs stub generator](https://msgo.azurewebsites.net/add/document/guidelines/stub-generator.html#scenario-and-usage).

    Each version of an API has its own reference page. For example, there is one message.md file for the message entity in v1.0, and another message.md file for beta. Usually, an API debuts in beta, so you would create a topic only for beta.
    
    After you run the stub generation, do not change the generated file name. Do not reorder sections in a generated topic. Do not customize generated table columns.

2. **(Required)** Add information to the stub files using the following guidance:
    - Add [metadata](https://msgo.azurewebsites.net/add/document/guidelines/metadata.html) to be able to identify the owner of the article, track usage, and facilitate search.
    - Add object, [property](https://msgo.azurewebsites.net/add/document/guidelines/default-properties.html), method, and [parameter](https://msgo.azurewebsites.net/add/document/guidelines/parameters.html) descriptions. The same descriptions can appear in many places. For example, the method descriptions appear in object Tasks table and in the API file itself. Same object can appear as a relationship in many places. The descriptions that we add should be consistent across these locations. Do not move the property, relationship, or tasks tables in resource topics and do not add new columns to the tables in resource or API topics.
    - For APIs, add the [permissions](https://docs.microsoft.com/graph/permissions-reference) in the table in the permissions section. Make sure that the permissions are also documented in the Permissions reference topic.
    - For APIs, verify/edit the HTTP request. add the HTTP header details (optional or required). If no HTTP headers are used, remove the section. Add any additional details regarding the HTTP request/response, as applicable.
    - Format the response payload (JSON) the way that you want. If you want to only show few properties, set the truncated flag in the comments (which is right above the response) to true.
    - Format the resource JSON representation the way that you want.
    - Verify that the HTTP response code is what is being returned in the API. Complex types are also shown as a resource. These files do not have a Methods section.
3. **(Required)** Copy the API and resource files that you created to the appropriate folders in the working branch that you created.
4. **(Required)** Create the pull request (PR). Set the label of the pull request to do not merge. When you receive the build verification mail, you’ll be able to preview your content by navigating to your personal branch on the review site: https://review.docs.microsoft.com/en-us/graph/overview?branch=master . (Change “master” to the name of your branch.)  For more information, see the [Add new content or edit existing content](https://msgo.azurewebsites.net/add/document/guidelines/manage-your-documentation.html#add-new-content-or-edit-existing-content) and the [Submit a pull request to the main repository](https://msgo.azurewebsites.net/add/document/guidelines/manage-your-documentation.html#submit-a-pull-request-to-the-main-repository) sections of [Working with GitHub](https://msgo.azurewebsites.net/add/document/guidelines/manage-your-documentation.html).

