---
title: "Create or update an API topic"
description: "Create or update an API topic"
localization_priority: Normal
author: "davidmu1"
ms.prod: "microsoft-identity-platform"
doc_type: resourcePageType
---

# Create or update an API topic

1. **(Optional)** If a new API or resource has been introduced into your workload or a large scale update needs to be made to existing API articles (where overwriting the existing articles is preferred over updating them), create initial pages using the stub generator scripts. Microsoft Graph uses CSDL (and XML format) for defining its API surface. The stub generator scripts produce stub markdown files based on the definitions in the CSDL file. Do not change the file names that are generated by the tool. For more information, see [Use the Microsoft Graph REST API docs stub generator](https://msgo.azurewebsites.net/add/document/guidelines/stub-generator.html#scenario-and-usage). 

    Each version of an API has its own reference page. For example, there is one message.md file for the message entity in v1.0, and another message.md file for beta. Usually, an API debuts in beta, so you would create a topic only for beta.

    After you run the stub generation, do not change the generated file name. Do not reorder sections in a generated topic. Do not customize generated table columns.

2. **(Required)** Use the following guidance to document the API:
    - Start by using a single sentence to summarize the purpose of the API. Add links to any referenced resources.
    - Provide any information relevant to using the API, before the Permissions section.
    - Fill in the applicable permissions.
    - For the HTTP request, select the syntax lines that apply to your API offering, remove other generated lines that don’t.
    - Document applicable parameters, such as OData query parameters, path parameters, and function parameters. You may need to customize parameter documentation under the appropriate section. Some sections do not always apply and are not generated, for example, a DELETE operation topic doesn’t include an “Optional query parameters” section.
    - Add request headers that apply, stating which ones are required or optional. Remove those headers that do not apply, for example, content-type for an API that doesn’t use a request body.
    - Include request body properties that apply. Enhance descriptions where helpful.
    - Make sure to clarify any returned object in the response and provide a link to its topic. If applicable, you can include error code information here as well, by adding an H3 Errors section.
    - Replace the existing generated pseudo examples with ones that are common use cases of your API. Provide real-looking property values, not pseudo property values. Make sure you tag examples appropriately to enable API Doctor to maintain their currency over time. There is no action item for authors adding or updating REST examples to enable the interactive try-it experience embedded in an API topic, or to add or update language-dependent example code snippets. The weekly automated sweep on Tuesdays is intended to make the necessary updates to maintain these two experiences.
    - Provide links in a **See also** section to related concept topics, or other related API topics that haven’t been linked to in context earlier in the topic. This section is optional.
    - In the methods section of the parent resource type topic, make sure the API method is part of the methods table, and has a description.
3. **(Required)** Copy the API and resource files that you created to the appropriate folders in the working branch that you created.
4. **(Required)** Create the pull request (PR). Set the label of the pull request to do not merge. When you receive the build verification mail, you’ll be able to preview your content by navigating to your personal branch on the review site: https://review.docs.microsoft.com/en-us/graph/overview?branch=master . (Change “master” to the name of your branch.)  For more information, see the [Add new content or edit existing content](https://msgo.azurewebsites.net/add/document/guidelines/manage-your-documentation.html#add-new-content-or-edit-existing-content) and the [Submit a pull request to the main repository](https://msgo.azurewebsites.net/add/document/guidelines/manage-your-documentation.html#submit-a-pull-request-to-the-main-repository) sections of [Working with GitHub](https://msgo.azurewebsites.net/add/document/guidelines/manage-your-documentation.html).
