---title: "Telecom expense management in Microsoft Intune"description: "Lists Microsoft Graph API for Intune resources that support telecom expense management solutions integrated into Intune, such as Saaswedo."author: "tfitzmac"---# Telecom expense management in Microsoft Intune> **Important:** Microsoft Graph APIs under the /beta version are subject to change; production use is not supported.> **Note:** The Microsoft Graph API for Intune requires an [active Intune license](https://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/?linkid=839381) for the tenant.You can limit data usage and roaming on corporate-owned devices when you use the Saaswedo telecom expense management service, which integrates with Intune. The service enables you to set and enforce usage limits and to send users an alert when they exceed a configured threshold. You can also configure the service to take different actions, such as disabling roaming, when users exceed the threshold. Reports that provide data usage and monitoring information are available in the Saaswedo console. Before you can use the Saaswedo telecom expense management service with Intune, you need to configure settings in a Saaswedo console and in Intune. The connection must be turned on for the Saaswedo service and for Intune. If the Saaswedo side of the connection is enabled, but not the Intune side, Intune receives the communication, but ignores it.The following Graph resources are available to manage telecom expenses in Intune:- [Telecom expense management partner](intune-tem-telecomexpensemanagementpartner.md)